{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9140\viewh13280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93ALL FOE NORWAY.\'94\
\
KING HAKON VII.\
\
GREETED BY HIS PEOPLE.\
\
Copenhagen, November 20.\
King Christian's reception of the deputation\
of the Storthing, sent to notify Prince Charles\
of his election, and to ask the King's assent,\
was an impressive and brilliant ceremony. The\
King, having assented, tamed deeply moved\
to the Prince and Princess and exhorted them\
to serve their now country loyally, and to win\
the love of the people. \'93Yon will," he conclud-\
ed, "take with you the blessing of your aged\
King and grandfather, for yourselves and your\
people.\'94\
Prince Charles, as King Hakon VII., sub-\
sequently received the greetings of the Nor-\
wegians at his own Palace. He declared that\
he and his consort would devote their lives for\
Norway\'92s good. His motto would be : "All for\
Norway.\'94	\{Reuter)\
Copenhagen, November 20.\
Prince Charles has definitely accepted the\
Crown of Norway.	(Reuter)\
COPENHAGEN, November 20.\
Prince Charles has definitely accepted the \
Crown of Norway.	(Havas)\
\
ANGLO-TIBETAN TREATY.\
\
NOT YET SIGNED.\
\
London, November 20.\
The \'93Daily Telegraph\'94 learns from Tokio\
that the Anglo Chinese treaty with regard to\
Tibet has been signed. It is believed that\
England acknowledges Chinese sovereignty in\
Tibet, in return for which China pays an\
indemnity.	(Reuter)\
London, November 20.\
The report of the conclusion of the Anglo\
Tibetan treaty is without foundation. Nothing\
has been done since the Indo-Chinese negotia-\
tions broke down.	(Reuter)\
\
THE SINKING OF THE HILDA.\
\
STEAMED INTO A FOG.\
\
London, November 20.\
The Hilda steamed into a fog and struck a\
rook three miles from her destination. The\
majority of the crew and passengers were\
asleep. Apparently there was hardly time to\
lower the boats. The passengers were mostly\
French, but it is stated that there were about\
20 English.		(Reuter)\
\
ROYAL VISITOR TO EGYPT.\
\
London, November 20.\
Prince Leopold of Battenberg, who will\
winter in Egypt, bas sailed in the Ormuz. (R.)\
\
JAPAN AND KOREA.\
\
CONVENTION SIGNED.\
\
Tokio, November 20.\
The convention with regard to Korea has\
been signed. It transfers Korean diplomacy to\
this city, and provides for a Japanese Governor\
General at Seoul. Japan promises that when\
Korea shall be sufficiently developed she will\
restore her diplomatic rights.		(Reuter)\
\
THE COURT.\
\
London, November 20.\
Their Majesties the King and Queen, with\
the King of Greece, have arrived at Bucking-\
ham Palace. King Edward limped slightly. (R.)\
\
HOTTENTOT LEADER KILLED.\
\
Cape Town, November 20.\
The noted Hottentot leader Witboi was\
killed while attacking a German convoy. (R.)\
\
RUSSO-JAPANESE TREATY\
\
WASHINGTON, November 20.\
Ratifications of the Russo-Japanese treaty\
will be exchanged here on the 22nd inst. (R.)\
\
REVOLUTION IN MANCHURIA\
\
ST. PETERSBURG, November 20.\
The revolutionaries are complete masters of \
Vladivostok. The movement is extending to \
the whole of the army in Manchuria. (Havas)\
\
BERLITZ SCHOOLS OF LANGUAGE\
235 BRANCHES\
French, German, Italian, Greek, Arabic, etc.\
Private Lessons, Residence Lessons, taught by\
Native Masters,\
ALEXANDRIA: 26 Rue de l\'92Eglise Copte.\
CAIRO: 1 Sharla Kamel.\
Trial Lesson Free\
\
Joseph Comas\
Technical Engineer\
Surveyor and Contractor in shipping. Takes\
charge of Engines and Boilers. Undertakes\
repairs of same, guaranteeing success. First\
class references. Address: RUE EL WARSHA,\
Maison Gabriel, ALEXANDRIA.\
\
LOCAL AND GENERAL.\
\
Bank of Abyssinia.\
Mr. H. Goldie has been appointed to the\
agency of the Bank of Abyssinia at Harrar.\
\
Aboukir Company.	\
Mr. Leonard B. Schlesinger has resigned his \
seat as a director of the Aboukir Company. \
\
Khedivial Club, Alexandria.	\
The first dance of the season of the Cerclo \
Khedivial will take place on Wednesday, 20th \
December next.\
\
In Aid of Russian Victims.	\
The subscription raised on behalf of the \
victims of the Russian massacres now amounts \
to L.E. 16,05.53.\
\
Crushed to Death.\
A young native was caught between the \
buffers of two railway trucks at Gabbari yester- \
day and crushed to death.\
\
Infirmary at Alexandria.\
The Khedive has given orders for the \
erection of an infirmary at Alexandria where\
poor students at the mosques may be treated.\
\
Provincial Slaughterhouses.\
The Public Health Department has decided\
to erect slaughterhouses at Beylan, in the \
Behera province, and at Sazaun, in the Me- \
noufieh.\
\
Fire on Ship.\
The fire which broke out in the hold of the\
S.S. Westburn, in Alexandria harbour, was\
finally extinguished yesterday by the Fire\
Brigade.\
\
Hellenic Philanthropy.\
The ladies of the Greek colony at Calro de-\
cided to found a benevolent society, at a\
meeting which was held at the Greek Club\
on Sunday.\
\
Salt and Soda Company.\
The general meeting of the Salt & Soda\
Company will be held on the 26th December,\
and not on the 4th December, as was wrongly\
announced.\
\
Fraudulent Bankruptcy.\
The Cairo Mixed Bankruptcy Court has\
declared Ahmed Farag, a druggist of Cairo,\
to be a fraudulent bankrupt and has ordered \
his incarceration.\
\
Public Debt Commission.\
On December 16 there will be a public\
drawing of bonds of the 3 per cent Guaranteed \
Loan reimbursable on the 1st March, 1906, \
with the coupon of that date.\
\
The Mahmal Theft.\
A reward of L.E. 160 has been granted\
by the Government to the policeman who\
discovered the thieves who robbed the money\
from the Mahmal escort.\
\
Stray Dogs.\
Stray and ownerless dogs found in the Ga-\
malieh district of Cairo to-night and at dawn\
to-morrow and at Ghezireh at dawn on Thurs-\
day will be poisoned by the police.\
\
Suez Canal.\
Nine vessels passed through the Canal on\
the 16th., of which 6 were British and 3 Ger-\
man. The total receipts from the 1st to the\
16th inst. amounted to frs. 5,417,443.31.\
\
Bank-Note Forgery.\
The Court of Seida Zeynab, Cairo, has sen- \
tenced the young Turk who recently forged,\
some National Bank of Egypt notes to twelve\
months' imprisonment, with hard labour. \
\
Sailors\'92 Rest at Port Said.\
Mr. John Cory has built a sailors\'92 rest at \
Port Said, which he is going to present to\
the British and Foreign Sailors\'92 Society, in \
commemoration of the Nelson centenary. \
\
Sudden Death.\
Yesterday a native of Cario, who was very\
eager to visit the Holy Places of Islam, repair-\
ed to the Gouvernorat to obtain a passport \
for the Hejaz. Just as the document was \
being handed to him he fell down dead.\
\
Public Health Department.\
MM. Elia Simaria, Spiridon El Khoury,\
Gaston Flavet and Basile Michel Gabrielides,\
pharmacists, and MM. Constantin E. Kecha-\
yes, Evanghelo Vardamidi, and Amin Abon-\
Safer, physicians, have been authorized to \
practice in Egypt.\
\
Feline Rabies.\
A domestic cat belonging to an Armenian \
family, living in Greek Hospital-street, Alex-\
andria, went mad yesterday afternoon and bit \
six members of the family, All victims are \
going to the Pasteur Institute at Athens by\
to-morrow\'92s mail.\
\
Delta Land.\
The Committee of London Stock Ex-\
change has ordered the following security to \
be quoted in the Official List: Egyptian \
Delta Land and Investment Company, Limit-\
ed - 200,000 \'93Bearer\'94 Shares of 1 each, fully\
paid, Nos. 1 to 200,000.\
\
El Malagi El Abbassieh.\
A number of native notables of Alexandria\
held a meeting on Saturday evening at the\
Custom-House Porters\'92 School. The object\
of the meeting was to found a benevolent\
society under the name of \'93El Malagi El\
Abbassi\'94 (Abbassieh Alms-houses). The\
new society was regularly constituted, and \
Khalil Pasha Hamada, who originated the\
scheme, has invited the public to support it.\
The Pasha has been elected president; two \
secretaries and six members of the committee \
were also elected.\
\
PENNY POSTAGE TO EGYPT.\
\
PETITION TO LORD STANLEY.\
\
A petition, which has been forwarded to\
Lord Stanley, asking him to exert his influence\
with a view to establishing penny postage\
between Egypt and the British Empire, has\
been signed by several hundred passengers on\
board the P. and 0. steamer Macedonia, out-\
ward bound for India, China, and Australia.\
The petition says it is naturally regarded as\
an irritating and anomalous burden that, while\
tho postage between Gibraltar, Malta, Aden,\
and India on the one l and and England on the\
other is one penny only, it should be still 2]d.\
between England and Port Said, Cairo, and\
Suez, and that there is reason to believe that\
the Egyptian Government and people are\
entirely favorable to the proposal for a penny\
postage.\
Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., a passenger in\
the Macedonia, writes that he has bad a letter\
from his Excellency Saba Pasha, Postmaster-\
General of Egypt, cordially approving of penny\
portage (universal). He adds that the cost to\
England would be, on the 1,200,000 letters to\
Egypt, \'a37,500-a mere bagatelle.\
Among the signatories of the petition are\
Lord Che\'92msford, Governor of Queensland,\
Supreme Court Judge Bigge, of India, and\
many distinguished officers, Civil Service offi-\
cials, merchants and other influential residents\
in the various parts of the British Empire.\
\
THE KHEDIVE.\
\
H. H. the Khedive will held a reception at\
Abdeen Palace on the occasion of Beyram, on\
the 1st Chawal, 1323 (the 28th inst.) Visitors\
will be received from 8 to 11.45 a.m..\
T. H. tho Khedivah Mother and the Khe-\
divah will also hold a reception at Abdeen\
the same day from 9 to 11.30 a.m. for prin-\
cesses of the Khedivial Family and native\
ladies, and from 3 to 4 p.m. for European\
ladies and 4 to 4.30 p.m. for wives of mem-\
bers of the Diplomatic Corps.\
\
COUNCIL OF MINISTERS.\
\
At its last meeting the Council of Ministers\
approved the new regulations concerning the\
Armenian community in Egypt, and also\
approved the nomination of a lady doctor to\
the Government schools for girls at a salary of\
LE. 300 per annum.\
\
SANITARY MEASURES.\
\
The Consultative Committee of the Legisla-\
tive Council having approved the projet de\
decret\'92 regulating the transport of rags during\
periods when epidemics prevail in the country,.\
it will be submitted to the Mixed Court of\
Appeal with a view to its application to\
Europeans as well as to natives.\
\
P.W.D CONTRACTS.\
\
The contracts for the maintenance and \
repair of the canals, drains, and dykes in the\
provinces of Menonfieh and Gharbieh have\
been gives out as fallows :\'97\
Menoufieh.\
Markaz	LE.\
Aohmonn ..... Mobamed Ali Wanss...3798\
Menouf....... A. W. Murdoch ........... 3799\
Tala ........ W. Okem............. 41 0\
Konesna ..... Abdel Latif Ghonem\'855559\
Chibin ...... Amin Zohdi......5423\
Giiarbieh. \
Santa ....... Chiueri Boutros...... 4266\
Tanta........ M. Cossena.........8045\
Kafr El Zayat... Abdel Azmi Farghal&Co.	4095\
Dessouk...... Hsmed Chaker .........9847\
Foua ........ Guirgues Hanna....... 5179\
Zifta ...... Homey & Maccache ...3146\
Kafr El Cheik East Ahmed Ali Ghonem...	3648\
\'95	West \'84	,,.	\'84	... 3162\
\
EGYPTIAN ARMY.\
\
It is notified in Army. Orders that the\
periods specified below are to be considered as\
periods of war, and will therefore count double\
in reckoning service towards pension id the\
case of those officers who took part in the\
actual operations mentioned below: \'97\
Operations.		From 		To\
Re-ocoupation of the Bahr\
el Gbax&l ............ 13-12-00 	28-4-02\
Operations resulting in the\
capture of Jerok...... 5-1-04	5-4-04\
Lieutenant G. Stewart, Coldstream Guards,\
having reported his arrival in Egypt from\
England, is taken on the strength of the\
Egyptian Army from 26th Ootober, 1905, with\
the rank of Bimbashi. He bas been posted to\
the 15th Sudanese.\
El Bimbashi Hon. W. A. Trefusis, 3rd Bat-\
talion, is struck off the strength of the Egyp-\
tian Army, from 13-11-05.\
Leave of absenoe, on private affairs, has\
been granted to El Miralai Sir H. Hill, Bart.,\
Bey, Governor of Berber Province, El Kaimakam\
Abmed Bey Fadll, Medical Corps, El Bimba-\
shi Bridge, 9th Sudanese, El Bimbashi Lucas,\
11th Sudanese, and El Bimbashi Cockerell, 2nd\
Battalion.\
\
SANITARY DOCTORS\'92 SALARIES.\
\
The Public Health Department has decided\
to increase the commencing salaries of its\
fourth-class doctors from L.E. 8 to L.E. 12\
per month. This new arrangement will come\
into force at the beginning of the new year.\
\
RIFLE BRIGADE\'92S DEPARTURE\
\
THE G.O.C.\'92s FAREWELL.\
\
The following Special General Order by the\
General Officer Commanding the Force in\
Egypt was issued yesterday: - \
The G. O.C. cannot allow the 2nd Bn.\
Rifle Brigade to leave his Command, without\
expressing his regret at losing so smart a\
battalion. In military efficiency and conduct,\
the battalion has kept up the traditions of\
the Brigade to which they belong : and he\
wishes all ranks a hearty farewell, and health\
and success in their new tour of service.\
\
THE SUCRERIES AFFAIR.\
\
The hearing of the action brought by M.\
Poutrel against the Hon. A. J. Davey, tor\
wrongful dismissal, was resumed this morning,\
when Me. Carton de Wiart continued his\
defence. His pleading, which was extremely\
eloquent, was supported by a number of docu-\
ments, which, he contended, proved that the\
Hon. A. J. Davey had all along been kept in\
ignorance of the speculative transactions of\
the late M. Cronier and his supporters.\
After the close of the speech Me. Guilha-\
mou replied, following much the same lines\
as on Tuesday last.\
Judgment will, it is expected, be given in\
a fortnight\'92s time.\
\
HARBOUR REGULATIONS.\
\
The Ports and Lighthouses Administration\
has issued a new series of regulations for the\
berthing, mooring, stationing, shifting and\
circulation of ships in the port of Alexandria.\
\
ZIFTA IRRIGATION CIRCLE.\
\
Navigation on all the canals in the pro-\
vinces of Gharbieh (1st) and Dakahlieh will be\
stopped for about 30 days, commencing on\
December 20.\
\
PROTECTION AGAINST FIRE.\
\
We understand that the new company for\
protection against fire, the formation of which\
was, as we stated approved by the Council of\
Ministers on Saturday, will have a capital of\
\'a310,000 and will exploit an invention of its\
founder, M. Casimer Sion, a Russian engineer.\
The statutes of the company will shortly be\
; published in the "Journal Oflficial."\
\
MINISTRY OF THE INTERIOR.\
\
New regulations as to the supervision of\
\'93Maisons de tolerance" have been issued by the\
ministry of the Interior. They have the police\
large powers to interfere in the interests of\
public order and decency, forbid the employ-\
ment of minors as servants in such houses,and\
forbid any person to occupy or be employed in\
such houses whose career has been marked by\
crime as well as by immorality.\
\
WHERE IS THE FATHER ?\
\
To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.\
Sir,\'97In last night's \'93Egyptian Gazette"(Lo-\
cal and General) I read a short article concern-\
ing a young woman named Lettshorn, who was\
sentenced to two years\'92 imprisonment by the\
Native Assize Court in Cairo, for having killed\
her new born child. It is indeed a very sad\
case. Sadder still, that there should be a law\
inflicting punishment on the poor, seduced,\
perhaps hungry, girl-mother and not on the\
seducer. Why is his name not mentioned in\
the paper? Why should the young woman bear\
all the shame alone, and not share it with the\
man who shared her love? Justice was merciless\
to the heartless mother and lenient to the\
cowardly lover. Such sad cases will occur as\
long as society will allow partiality in law. It\
is time some laws were reformed.\
With thanks, I beg to remain, dear sir,\'97\
Yours faithfully\
(Mrs.) H. D. Tsykalas,\
Membra de l\'92Unicn Iuternationale\
des Amies de la Jeune Fille.\
November 17. \
\
M. LAMBERT IN CAIRO.\
\
L'A VBNT UR Hill E.\
\
M. Lambert\'92s company opened well and\
had, if not a full, at least a good house ever\
ready to respond to telling lines and good\
acting, and at times unwilling to reserve its\
applause at the close of an act. That M.\
Lambert's company would do well was expected.\
but no one, in our opinion, counted on hearing\
the parts of Fabrics and Clorinde so brilliantly\
upheld. M. Albert Lambert fils rendered the\
first role with real power; Mlle Delvair as\
Clorinde was brilliant She possesses a fine pre-\
sence, great powers of facial expression, and one\
of those rich voices, so rarely heard, that make\
movement and gesture almost needless when\
they express emotion or passion, so perfect it\
the charm of their intonation. M. Albert\
Lambert pere as Annibal was good, and M.\
Marqnet played his part with dignity\'97perhaps\
with too much reserve\'97for the role of a\
distinguished old gentleman who is ready to\
throw himself at the feet of a handsome girl\
with a pathetic certainty that she reciprocates\
his flame, Is rather on the comic side.\
\
AMERICAN COTTON MARKET.\
\
Messrs. Colliuge Brothers,of Liverpool, cable\
as follows :\'97Market has declined in conse-\
quence of large selling orders from Alexandria\
Continent and old bulls liquidating. We have\
no decided opinion either way.\
\
THE TOMBAC MONOPOLY.\
\
WHY NOT ABOLISH IT?\
\
The abolition-of the salt monopoly (states\
"A1 Express") has given great satisfaction\
throughout Egypt; and the Government, which\
has deserved the best thanks of the people for\
this action, mast recognize the great harm\
caused by monopolies. Therefore we seize this\
opportunity (adds our contemporary) to draw\
the attention of the Government and of Lord\
Cromer, the great reformer of Egypt, to the\
tombac trade, which has been for 30 years ,a\
monopoly in Egypt. Tombac is so much used\
here that it ought to be considered one of the\
indispensable wants of the people. This mono-\
poly has so far caused great harm to the\
finauces of our country, and our wise reformer\
and the high authorities could put an end to\
it, as they have done to the salt monopoly.\
\
NATIONAL HOTEliS AND\
RESIDENCES.\
\
The decree constituting the National Hotels\
and Residences Company appears in yester-\
day's "Journal Official.\'94 The capital of the \
company amounts to L.E 209,000, divided\
into 50,000 shares of L.E. 4 each, which\
have been wholly subscribed by the promo-\
ters as follows: \'97 Antonn Bey Sabbagh,\
30,000 ; Sidney Davis, 10,000 ; Ibrahim Sab\
bagh, 5,000 ; Charles Anhoury, 3.000 ; Ne-\
guib Hani, 1,000 ; Valle B y, 500 ; Charles\
Bauer, 500. There are also 2,000 Founder\'92s\
shares, value undetermined, which have been\
distributed among the above in proportion\
to the, amount of their subscriptions.\
\
ALEXANDRIA'S NEW THEATRE.\
\
While there is so much discussion going on\
among the playgoing magnates of Alexandria\
as to what is eventually to take the place of\
the Z'zinia Theatre, we might point out a\
precedent for Alexandria in the great scheme\
we hear of from New York. Thirty prominent\
men have subscribed \'a3600,000 for the building\
of a fine theatre, and a committee of their\
wives will determine who shall be privileged to\
pay \'a320,000 apiece for the boxes. If thirty\
public-spirited capitalist; patrons of the opera\
were to do likewise at Alexandria, and the\
Municipality were to turnish a fine site, we\
should have a theatre worthy of Egypt\'92s com-\
mercial capital.\
\
EGYPT'S MOSQUITOES.\
\
Our leading article in Thursday\'92s issue, on\
the necessity of waging war against the\
mosquito, has aroused considerable interest,\
and one of oar readers sends us the following\
extract from an article in the "Lancet\'94 :\'97\
\'93What other countries are doing to extermi-\
nate the mosquito, Egypt can do.Thank God we\
have not yellow fever here. But as long as the\
mosquito is ubiquitous in Egypt, so long is it\
a menace to the health and comfort of the\
people. The inhabitants and old residents are\
no doubt immune to a great extent to the\
discomfort and annoyance from the bites of\
these pests. But tho stranger within our gates\
speedily falls a prey to the insect which at\
night slumbers not nor sleeps, and seems\
imbued with the faculty of tantalising and\
torturing its victims.\
"The most pessimistic of Job comtorters can-\
not deny that to destroy some millions of\
these pests on the lines now so well-known \
and practised would be greatly to enhance\
the reputation of Egypt as a resort for the\
tourist and invalid. At present even the\
temper of a Mark Tapley's not proof agains\
the irritability caused by the injection of the\
poison from their probosces.\
"That no organised attempt has been made\
to combat the evil we must ascribe to either a\
lack of initiative on the part of the European\
residents, or else to the general feeling engend-\
ered by prolonged residence in Egypt, which is\
so aptly expressed by the Arabic philosophical\
utterance \'91Malish.\'92 \'94\
\
"LORD CROMER IN EGYPT."\
\
Suoh is to be the title of Sir Eldon Gorst\'92s\
contribution to \'93The Empire and the Century,"\
which Mr. Murray is publishing. It is not so\
much a, highly original volume as a library\
of Imperial essays compressed into a single\
work. The first part deals with the Imperial\
organism as a whole, its mechanism and prin-\
ciples ; and the second with the many con-\
stituents of the Empire. The contributors make\
up a brilliant and representative list, and\
Egypt and the Sadan occupy a good place in\
the second portion, \'93Realms in Trust," of\
Part II., which deals with ''Constituents of\
Empire." Sir William Garstin writes on "The\
Longest River in tie World,\'94 the Hon. Sidney\
Peel\'92s contribution deals with British rule in\
the Sudan, and Mr. Grogan writes on \'93The\
Nile as I saw it.\'94\
\
STEAMER MOVEMENTS.\
\
The Moss liner Rameses sailed from Liver-\
pool on Saturday and is die here on 2nd\
December, with passengers, mails, and general\
cargos.\
The S S: Kaffir Prince, from Alexandria,\
arrived at Manchester on Monday.\
The S.S. Syrian Prince, with passengers and\
general cargo, left London on Sunday and\
is due at Alexandria on or about Dec, 5.\
\
NOTES FROM SUAKIN.\
\
MORE WASHOUTS. ON RAILWAY8.\
(FROM OCR CORRESPONDENT.)\
\
Suakin, Nov. 15.	.\
Since I last wrote there have been several\
more severe washouts on the railway, and the\
line has been interrupted for over a week\
between Handoub, Salom, etc. It is hoped\
that the damage done will be repaired in\
another two days.\
Mr. Henry Moss, Asst.-Commandant, Suakin\
Police, and Mr. Bernardo Losco, chief account-\
ant, National Bank of Egypt, Suakin agency,\
have returned from leave of absence. \
Bimbasbi Sowerby, R.E., Chief Engineer,\
Ways and Work, Suakin-Atbara line, has\
been promoted to the rank of Kaimakam\
Sowerby Bey has been a long time connected\
with the Sudan Government Railways, and\
previous to his appointment here as chief engin-\
eer was Traffic Manager of the Sudan Railways.\
The official opening of Port Sudan in\
January, 1906, his already begun to stir the\
minds of the local authorities, as well as the\
merchants, as to what steps are to be taken\
for the reception of H.H. the Khedive and\
Lord Cromer.\
El Kaimakam Longfield Bey, R.E., Assistant\
Director, Sudan Railways, is leaving today\
by the Khedivial Mail steamer Dakahlieh for\
Port Sadan, where he will meet Bimbashi\
Newcombe, R.E., in connection with the new\
Port Sudan Sallom line. Longfield Bey will\
return here on the 18th inst.\
Mr. Gaiger, English secretary to the Direc-\
tor, Sudan Railways, is also living by the\
Dikablieh to-day for Suez eu, route to Cairo\
on short leave of absence on private affairs,\
He may return overland via Halfs.\
\
PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.\
\
A large number of distinguished people\
arrived last night by the S.S. Schleswig, among\
them T.H. Prince Ahmed Fouad and Prince\
and Princess Fazil.\
\
Mustapha Pasha Fehmy, the Prime Minister,\
has retained apartments at Mena House Hotel\
for the Beyram holidays.\
\
The King has been pleased to appoint\
Major-General John Ramsay Slade, C.R., late\
G. 0. C. in Egypt, to be one of his Majesty\'92s\
Gentlemen Ushers, in the room of Mr. Charles\
James Iunes-Ker, resigned.\
\
The Marquis Salvago Raggi, Italian Diplo-\
matic Agent, and Count Manzoni, first secretary\
to the Italian Agency, have also arrived in\
Cairo.\
\
Graf and Grafin von Schwerin are staying\
at the Grand Continental Hotel, Cairo.\
\
The Marquis and Marquise de Marescot\
are staying at the same hotel\
\
Tho Marohesa de San Gulielmo has arrived\
at Cairo and is likewise staying at the same\
hotel.\
\
Dr. Rucker-Jenisch arrived at Cairo yesterday.\
\
Baron Max Oppenheim, German counsellor\
of legation in Cario, has returned from Europe.\
\
Professor Flinders Petrie is expected to\
arrive at the Hotel du Nil in the near future.\
\
On Sunday night H.E. the Governor of Port\
Said, Mustapha Ibady Pasha, gave a dinner\
at the Savoy Hotel. He had 22 guests, viz.,\
the Sub-Governor, Khalil Riad Bey ; Dixon\
Bey, Schalch Bey, Snow Bey and Mrs. Snow,\
Mr. and Mrs. Royle (from Cairo), Sub-Comdt.\
and Mrs. Bonelli, Mr. and Mrs. Tarrel, Mr. and\
Mrs. Jones, Capt and Mrs. Watkins, Mr.\
MacDonald, Mr. Portham, Mrs. and Miss\
Orme, and Mr. and Mrs. Philippines. The\
menu was excellent and in every respect up-\
held the gastronomic traditions of the Savoy.\
\
Beck & Co\'92s Pilsener Beer.\
\
BREMEN.\
Obtainable from every Respectable Firm\
IN CAIRO, ALKXANDRIA AND THR SUDAN\
Oltherwise apply to\
L J. FIEUREMT, F; MICALLEF, sole Agent\
\
CARLTON HOTEL.\
RAMLEH\'92S FASHIONABLE HOTEL.\
patronized by the elite\
Full Pension from P.T. \
\
AVIS\
Notre Revue Con merciale hebdomadaire\
\
}
