{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh13320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 COERCING THE SULTAN.\
H.M. DISPOSED TO YIELD.\
WARSHIPS ASSEMBLING.\
Constantinople, November 21.\
There are indications that the Sultan is\
disposed to yield after having made a fruitless\
appeal to the German Emperor. 
\f1  	
\f0 (Reuter)\
Pireus, November 21.\
The international fleet is assembling here.\
Each Power is sending two men-of-war, Ger-\
many excepted, since she has no ship in the\
Mediterranean.			(Reuter)\
Constantinople, November 21.\
An extraordinary Council is to examine the\
Macedonian reforms.		(Havas)\
\
CONDITION OF RUSSIA.\
RESUMING NORMAL LIFE.\
St. Petersburg, November 21.\
The country in general appears to be getting\
quieter, and to be resuming its normal life.\
					(Reuter)\
Odessa, November 21.\
The wholesale exodus from this city and\
from Southern Russia continues. The colonisa-\
tion societies here are besieged by ruined Jews\
seeking resistance to emigrate.	(Reuter)\
Warsaw, November 21.\
The declaration sent to the Zemstvos Con-\
gress at Moscow claims autonomy for Poland\
and not separation.			(Havas)\
\
RUSSIAN TRANSPORT TROUBLES.\
Tokio, November 21.\
The troubles on the Russian transports have\
been settled and the Japanese police have been\
withdrawn, but torpedo-boats are still watch-\
ing. One transport with 1,200 men has sailed.\
					(Reuter)\
\
DEBT OF GERMAN EMPIRE.\
ENORMOUS INCREASE.\
Berlin, November 21.\
The "Norddentsche Zeitung\'94 points out\
that the debt of the German Empire has\
increased from \'a33,500,000 to \'a3175,000,000\
since 1877. Increasing military and naval\
demands, apart from pressing financial neces-\
sities, will involve fresh taxation to the amount\
of \'a311,500,000 yearly.		(Reuter)\
\
THE KING.\
London, November 21.\
The King has gone to stay with Lord Far-\
quhar. The shooting commences to-day. (R.)\
\
KING HAKON'S HOMECOMING.\
London, November 21.\
The British battleship Ceasar attends the\
entry of King Hakon into Christiania. (Reuter)\
\
KING ALFONSO RETURNS.\
Paris, November 21.\
King Alfonso has left for Spain. 	(Havas)\
\
PASSENGER LIST.\
ARRIVALS.\
Per S.S. Senegal arrived yesterday from\
Marseilles.\
Mme and Mlle Amic, M. and Mme Labelle,\
M. and Mme Pierre Makoudian, M. Driber,\
M. d\'92Allemagne, M. and Mme Ferre, M.\
Lenoir, M. Vasmier and family, M. Dastingue,\
M. Van Caneygen, Major and Mrs. McConag-\
hey, M. Jos. Aremia, Major B. C. Carter, M.\
F. Poromali, M. and Mme Perur, M. and Mlles\
Noceti, M., Mme and Mile Oneto, Mme de Sil-\
vevia, Mlle Masini, M. I. Caride, Mme Giglio,\
M. and Mme Ozial, M.and Mme Chekir Ganem,\
M. and Mme Rousselle, Di Courgua Bey and\
family, Mlle Mortier, M. L. Polo, M. Vitte-\
ment, Mustapha Beyram Bey, M. and Mme\
de Meux, M. Andre, M. G. Lordereau, Mr. de\
Belle Drake Selby, Mr. Chamberlain Brammer,\
M. Ballatiano, M. Blanchard, Mme Maspero,\
Mme Touconr, M. and Mme Macauley, M.M.\
Meaux de St. Marc, Pinson, Tabreque, Man-\
froy, and Pottier, M. Chevandier de Valdrome,\
Mme Roux de Vence, Eid family, M. and Mme\
Pierre Lagrange, Mr. F. Lincoln Merrett, \
M. J. Shoket, M. Thuile, M. and Mme Roche, \
M. Bourlier, Mme Magnot, M. and Mme\
Gaubet, M. Tueni, Mme Luce, Mlle Laurent, \
M. Levy, Mile Branthes, Miss P. Job, Mr. and\
Mrs. J. Brill, M. Groin, Capt. and Mrs. R. P.\
Crawley, M. Alby, M. W. Birbari, M. R. P.\
Goillaumet, M. et Mme Mugnier, M. Besacon,\
M. Gauthier, M. Heskel and family, M. Ch.\
Jean and family, M. Barake, Mme Galli and\
Mlle Danon and 40 third class passengers.\
\
LOCAL AND GENERAL\
Yacht in Harbour.\
The British yacht Sagitta arrived at Alex-\
andria to-day from Beyrout.\
The Season.\
Over 100 tourists have arrived by the S.S.\
Barbarossa at Port Said and are now at Cairo.\
Cairo Hotel.\
The Savey Hotel will open for the season\
on Monday next, and Ghezireh Palace Hotel\
on December 5.	\
Pilgrims\'92 Telegrams.\
Telegraph rates between Mecca and Medina\
have been reduced from 2 piastres to 1 for\
the convenience of the pilgrims.\
The Reunion des Families\
Society are giving their first ball of the season\
in the large hall of the New Khedivial Hotel\
on Saturday, December 2, at 9.30 p.m.\
Railway and Press.\
A delegation of the local press at Cairo,\
has waited on the Administration of State\
Railways on the subject of press privileges.\
Beyram.\
Beyram commences on Tuesday next, and\
the Ministries and Government departments\
will be closed from Monday to Saturday next.\
Pilgrim Inspection.\
Dr. Creswell, of the Public Health Depart-\
ment at Suez, has been appointed to inspect\
the pilgrims of their return from the Hedjaz.\
Inspection of Tribunals.\
Sir M. Mcllwraith, the Judicial Adviser,\
will leave Cairo for a tour of inspection in\
Upper Egypt on the 7th prox. end will return\
to Cairo shortly after tho New Year\
Austro-Hungarian Agency.\
Mr. Wellonscheg, Chancellor of the Austro-\
Hungarian Consulate at Alexandria, has been\
appointed secretary to the Austro-Hungarian\
Diplomatic Agency and Consulate General\
at Cairo.\
Walker & Meimarachi.\
The Villa Snares, which Messrs. Walker\
and Meimarachi, Limited, have purchased\
from the Egyptian Estates, is to be the site of\
a colossal establishment in the style of the\
Paris Louvre.\
Mehkemeh Sharieh Clerks.\
In accordance with the habit now prevailing\
among Government employes, the clerks of the\
Mehkemeh Sharieh have been petitioning their\
chiefs for an increase of salaries owing to the\
increase of prices in Egypt.\
Tantah Municipality.\
The Municipality of Tantah held its first\
meeting yesterday under the presidency of\
Hassan Pasha Radman, Mondir of Gharbieh.\
An inspector of the Interior was present. The\
Council decided to appoint Sayid Eff. Salim\
secretary to the Municipality.\
Suez Canal.\
Twenty-four vessels passed through the\
Canal on the 17th and 18th inst., of which 12\
were British, 5 German, 3 French, 1 Russian,\
1 Austrian, 1 Spanish, 1 Chinese. The total\
receipts from the 1st to the 18th inst.\
amounted to frs. 6,319,617.34.\
Conservatoire of Music.\
The third annual public "epreuve\'94 of the\
pupils of the Alexandria Conservatoire will\
take place at the New Khedivial Hotel to-\
morrow evening, commencing at 9 o\'92clock.\
The concert promises to be a thoroughly good\
one. There are some new star pupils, vocal\
and instrumental, among the soloists.\
The Egyptian Plough.\
The latest annual of the British School at\
Athens contains a highly interesting article,\
by Dr. Schafer, on the ancient Egyptian plough\
and other agricultural implements, which will\
be useful tor reference, in view of the interest\
aroused by Cretan and other discoveries in\
the appliances in use in the Eastern Mediter-\
ranean.\
Egyptian Improvements.\
The net profits on the first six months\'92\
working of the Egyptian Improvements Cor-\
poration is about L.E. 7,500. The company\
was founded last May with a capital of\
\'a3100,000, of which only \'a325,000 had been\
called up to the 15th October. The sale of\
the Maison Say in Sharia Soliman Pasha\
accounts for a good deal of the profit\
Amateur Dramatists in Egypt.\
The Italian Philodramatic Society of Cairo\
is giving a prize for a dramatic composition in\
one act in the Italian language. The piece\
may be either a comedy or a drama. Competi-\
tors can send in as many works as they like\
provided they have never been staged. A\
committee of five members of the society will\
choose the two best compositions, which will\
afterwards be acted by the society. A gold\
and silver medal will be given to the successful\
authors. The works selected will remain the\
property of the authors. The latest date for\
sending in is January 31 next.\
\
Deschizeaux Beautifying Parlors.\
AMERICAN Graduate Masseuse treats wrin-\
kles, enlarged pores and all facial blemishes\
permanently removed, face beautified and\
rejuvenated. Expert manicure and skilful chi-\
ropodist.\
6 Rue Cherif Pacha,\
86754-8A-1	Telephone 89,\
\
THE SUCRERIES CASE.\
HEATED ARGUMENTS. \
The action brought by M. Poutrel against\
the Hon. A. J. Davey for wrongful dismissal\
came before Judge Herzbruch yesterday morn\
ing, as was briefly announced yesterday. The\
other members of the Court were Judges\
Vasquez and Goracuchi, Fuad Bey Gross, and\
Youssef Bey Aziz. The defence was opened by\
Me. Carton de Wiart, who pleaded with\
great eloquence and vigour. After declaring\
that M. Pontrel\'92s action was inspired by\
personal malice, he described the proceed-\
ings of the plaintiff as unfair and disloyal\
throughout. M. Poutrel, after a violent per-\
sonal attack on the plaintiff in the columns\
of the local Press, had left the country, in the\
possesion of documents that be had secured\
in the most unjustifiable manner, without\
daring to prove bis allegations personally. As\
for his dismissal, that was the act not of the\
Hon. A. J. Davey, but of the company\'92s acting\
manager obeying the orders of his board.\
Turning to M. Poutrel\'92s conduct, Me. Car-\
ton de Wiart pointed out that if the employes\
of the Sucreries Company had lied to the\
defendant, they had lied in accordance with\
the instructions of MM. Poutrel and Ninci\
Ever since 1901 defendant bad complained\
that no communications had been made to him\
directly, and it was a striking fact that none\
of the bills, acceptances, etc., that M. Poutrel\
concealed bore defendant\'92s signature. That\
M. Poutrel had kept the Hon. A. J. Davey in\
the dark was abundantly proved by certain\
letters and documents which were read in\
Court, while his conduct in destroying copies\
of numerous letters was most suspicious. The\
late M. de la Bouglise, in a letter written five\
days before his death, declared that even be\
did not know why the 18,000,000 fr. of the\
Cronier bills had been accepted. No one knew\
fully but Nirci, Poutrel, and Cronier what\
was going or, and defendant and other mem-\
bers of the board had been victimised.\
Me Guilbaumou replied on the same lines\
as those which be followed in his speech on\
Tuesday last The Hon. A. J. Davey's igno-\
rance was assumed\'97a pose, in fact\'97and if he\
had realised a single fact he most have realis-\
ed the whole situation. His failure was\
due either to complete ignorance or to the\
fact that he wilfully closed his eyes to facts.\
The evidence supported the latter alternative,\
and that being so defendant had no right\
whatever to dismiss M. Poutrel. In the course\
of a question to counsel for the plaintiff, Me.\
Carton de Wiart made the remark that if\
M. Poutrel returned to Egypt he would have\
him arrested within 24 hours. Me. Gailhau-\
mou replied that he would break the Dews to\
his client, and shortly afterwards, at 11 am.,\
the Court rose.\
Judgment will be given on Tuesday, 5th\
prox.\
\
NATIVE APPEAL COURT.\
It is stated that there will be a vacancy in\
the Native Court of Appeal shortly, owing to\
the retirement of a native judge of that Court.\
A Cairo contemporary announces that Mr.\
Sheldon Amos, of the Native Court of 1st\
Insurance, will be appointed for the following\
reasons:\'97 Le remplacement d\'92un conseiller\
indigene par un anglais est du a ce que Talsat\
bey avait occupe le poste vacant de M.\
Coghlan, augmentant ainsi le nombre des\
conseillere indigenes. C'est pour retablir la\
proportion eutre les magistrate indigenes et\
\'e9trangers de la cour, que M. Amos sera nomme.\
\
SAKKAS AT HADRA.\
A resident of Hadra writes to complain that\
the water supply is ousting far more than\
before in that district. Formerly the people\
of Hadra used to pay two milliemes per girbeh,\
but non they have to pay from three to five,\
milliemes per girbeh. Our correspondent ap-\
peals to tho Alexandria Water Company\
through our columns to remedy this state of\
things. The company, however, has nothing\
to do with the charges of the sakkas. The\
sakkas have the right to charge according\
to the distance the house, of the recipient\
is from the public taps. The Water Com-\
pany only exact one millieme per girbeh for\
water from the public tap.\
\
NOTES FROM MENA.\
The unpleasant, smell which has been\
noticeable on the Pyramids road, especially\
near the Mena House Hotel, in consequence\
of stagnant irrigation water, caused by this\
year\'92s low Nile, has now completely disappear-\
ed. Visitors to the Pyramids will now find\
the pure air which is generally associated with\
the vicinity of the Pyramids.\
Mena House Hotel is filling up rapidly.\
Among the guests are: Mr. Shaw Maclaron.\
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Philpott. Judge and\
Mrs. Walker Craig, Mr. Wakeman Long, Miss\
Greive, Miss Methley, Miss Simpson, Mrs.\
David Faber, Rev. and Mrs. H. K. Warrand.\
Mr. C. W. Gordon, Miss Lea Smith, Mr.\
Colton Pox, Mrs. Florence Wood, Mr. and\
Mrs. P. S. Anderson, Mr. E P. Stratigos, Dr.\
Walker, Mme and Mme Zalichi, Mr. W. Wil-\
loughby, Mr. N. Maclaron, Miss L. White,\
tha Misses K.- and M. Stroenden, Mrs. S.\
Farrar, the Misses Farrar, Miss Stewart, Miss\
Cockling, Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Reddie.\
Sir Wm. and Lady Ewart, Mr. R. H. Ewart,\
Miss Ewart, Mr. C. G. Ewart, Mr. L. M. Ewart,\
Miss K. Ewart, Miss G. Ewart, Major and\
Mrs. Conaghey arrived at Mena yesterday.\
\
THE GRAND CADI.\
EXTENSION OF LEAVE.\
Sheikh Yehia has evidently found Constan-\
tinople too pleasant a place to quit after a\
short visit, and has telegraphed to his relatives\
that he will not return till after the Beyram\
holidays. Sheikh Yehia has been granted an\
extension of leave for two months. The cause,\
of his long stay in Constantinople is unknown,\
and oar native contemporaries have ceased to\
speculate on the subject.\
\
THE KHEDIVE.\
H.H. the Khedive passed yesterday morning\
at Koubbeh.\
On Friday next a detachment of the 6th\
Battalion will be drawn np at the entrance to\
the mosque of Amru, Old Cairo, to salute\
H.H. the Khedive on his arrival for the\
mid-day prayer. Salvoes of 21 guns will be\
fired from the Citadel on the arrival and the\
departure of his Highness.\
The Khedive will visit Montazah and his\
Mariout estates in Beyram.\
\
NEW RAILWAY BOARD.\
The appointment of Capt. Lyons to be an\
ordinary member of the Superior Council of\
the State Railway Administration is published-\
offioially to-day. Capt. Lyons will hold his new\
appointment for two years.\
\
SALT AND SODA CO.\
We understand that the Government has\
decided to allow the Salt and Soda Co. to\
work its concession for a period of six years\
from January 1, 1906. During that period the\
Government will not attempt to compete with\
the Salt and Soda Co. by working any of the\
salt deposits that do not form part of the\
Salt and Soda Co.\'92s concession.\
The price of salt will be reduced throughout\
Egypt from January, 1, 1906, from five to two\
milliemes per kilogramme. We need not say\
that this reduction will be hailed with great\
satisfaction by the country, especially by the\
poorer classes.\
\
IRRIGATION.\
As already announced, tho canals in the\
first circle will be closed on the 20th inst.\
for a month. The Rayah Tewfikieh will\
not be closed so low down its course as last\
year, and boats carrying a maximum load cf\
600 ardebs will be able to get as far as Man-\
sonrah.\
\
ALEXANDRIA HARBOUR.\
The red gas buoy on the N.E. corner of the\
harbour bank has been moved to the following\
position:\
Green Light on Mole N. 57\'b0 E 3. 1 cable.\
Gabbary Signal Station S. 9\'b0 E. 8. 3 cables.\
Bearings are magnetic, and given from the\
buoy.	\
Dredging operations are being carried out\
on the N.B. corner of harbour bank.\
\
ACCIDENT IN HARBOUR.\
The accident which happened to the Eller-\
man S.S. Sardinia in Alexandria harbour last\
Saturday afternoon has been considerably\
exaggerated. The report, which appeared in\
a local contemporary yesterday, was quite gro-\
tesque in its allegations as to the damage said\
to have been done to the steamer.\
As the Sardinia was leaving for Liverpool,\
owing to some as yet unexplained reason, she\
went backward instead of foreward and collided\
consequently with the quay. The ship\'92s rudder\
was damaged, but it is being rapidly repaired,\
and the vessel will be ready for sea in a few\
days time. \
The cargo has not been discharged, with the\
exception of the perishable portion, consisting\
of some oases of eggs.\
The survey of the ship was completed last\
night.\
\
\
BRITISH CONSULAR COURT.\
The preliminary examination of Mr. Camil-\
leri, who is accused of embezzlement, which\
was commenced at the British Consular Court,\
Alexandria, yesterday, was resumed this\
morning. The accused is charged with em:\
bezzling LE 1,035 from the Anglo-Egyptian\
Spinning and Weaving Company, Limited,\
where he was employed as a cashier.\
\
VILLAGE LAWLESSNESS.\
The village of El Atamneh, in the Tahta\
district, is gaining unenviable notoriety for\
lawlessness. Cases of assault and robbery are\
if frequent occurrence, and the prison is full\
of delinquents. Our Tahta Correspondent re-\
ports that last week a merchant of that town,\
while on his way home, was brutally attacked\
near El Atamneh by two men, who afterwards\
robbed him of his money and made away, leav-\
ing him lying senseless. On news of the crime\
reaching Tahta, the authorities procceded to\
the spot and opened an enquiry, the result cf\
which was that the police succeeded in arrest-\
ing tho robbers while they were trying to hide\
among some ruins at El Madmar. The stolen\
money was found on them.\
\
A FLOATING EXHIBITION.\
VISIT TO ALEXANDRIA.\
An interesting commercinl experiment is\
about to be tried by the Americans, who are\
equipping a large steamer at New York on\
which American manufacturers will make a\
display of their products and send them around\
the world on a 60,000 mile trip, which will\
take up about 15 months. This itinerary\
provides for stops at ports of the most import\
tant commercial countries of the world. The\
steamer will sail from New York about the\
end of March and will first visit English,\
Scotch, and Irish ports, then going on to the\
Continent, after which she will enter the\
Mediterranean and call at Alexandria among\
other ports. A stay of several days is to be\
made here, as at other ports, for the purpose of\
permitting examination of the samples, by\
merchants and others interested in handling\
American products. Invitations will be sent out\
to desirable persons to inspect the display.\
The plan, besides possessing the merit of\
originality, will comprise a splendid opportu-\
nity for American manufacturers to bring their\
goods to the attention of the foreign buying\
public. The undertaking is likely to create\
wide interest in the commercial world.\
\
BRITISH MANUFACTURERS'\
EXHIBITION.\
A meeting was held at H.B.M.\'92s Consulate,\
Alexandria, yesterday, in connection with the\
proposed holding of an exhibition 'of British\
manufactures in Alexandria and Cairo, Mr.\
Ambroise Ralli being in the chair. There was\
a fairly representative gathering present Mr.\
Naggiar, chairman of the advisory committee,\
presented the committee's report, which\
was in favor of the holding of the exhibition,\
provided a guarantee fund could be raised.\
The committee had received a large number\
of responses to the circular which they issued\
to manufacturers at home, and if a guarantee\
fund could be raised, and an influential\
committee appointed to carry it through, the\
exhibition would, in their opinion, be a suc-\
cess. The majority of those present, however,\
did not seem to be convinced, and after some\
discussion it was decided to call another\
meeting of the British colony to decide on\
the question whether or not the exhibition\
should be held.\
\
TRANSPORT OF CATTLE.\
From the 23rd inst. the transport of cattle\
throughout the interior of the country will be\
permitted. Instructions have been issued to\
the various railway companies that all cattle\
trucks are henceforth to be disinfected and\
limewashed at regular intervals.\
\
GREEK NATIONALITY.\
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has issued a\
notice to the gouvernorats and modiriehs to\
the effect that all certificates which may,\
henceforth, be presented by persons claiming\
Hellonic nationality, and furnished with the\
Ministry\'92s signature, are to be forwarded to\
the Ministry for examination.\
\
I. O. G. T.\

\f1 \'93
\f0 INNISKILLING EXCELSIOR"' LODGE.\
The above lodge held a special session in the\
R. A. T. A. Room, Kasr-el-Nil barracks, Cairo,\
on Saturday, 18th inst., for the purpose of\
saying good bye to the members of the \'93Rifle-\
man\'92s Pride\'94 Lodge, who are leaving this\
station for India. The lodge was called to\
order at 7 p.m. by Bro. Kerr, C. T. pro tem\
and business was carried on in the usual\
manner. Recess was granted at 7.55 p.m.,\
when the visitors and members sat down to a\
splendid tea, provided by the \'93Inniskilling\
Excelsior." Rev. E. A. Hardy (visitor), Bro.\
Kerr, Bro. Craig, Bro. McGonigle, and Bro.\
Robinson gave short addresses, dealing with\
Good Templars and temperance in the Army,\
and exhorting the members to pot forth their\
greatest efforts in the future in so good a\
cause. Bro. Donaldson, "Rifleman's Pride\'94\
Lodge, replied on behalf of the visitors. After\
tea was partaken of, a good musical programme\
was indulged in, the following singers volunteer-\
ing their services: Bro. Burgess ("The Song\
that will live"), Bro. Donaldson ("It\'92s nice to\
have a home"), Bro. McClurg (\'93Love"), Bro.\
Murray, ('Sandy and Pat"), Bro. Gooding,\
R B. (\'93Emblems\'94) Bro. Shaw (\'93I ride to\
win\'94), Bro., Owens ("Carolina\'94) Bro. Emmerson\
(\'93Scavenger Brigade\'94), Bro. Craig ("Luck-\
now"), Bro. Burgess (encore, "Volunteer\
Organist\'94) Bro. Donaldson, R. B. (encore,\
"Skylark") Bro. Croly , ("The Agricultural\
Lady\'94), Bro. Craig (encore, "The Shamrock's\
Appeal to the Rose\'94) Sister Newell gave a\
nice rendering of \'93Genevieve," being loudly\
encored. She then held all present in solemn\
rapture, during her rendering of the \'93Holy\
City." A vote of thanks was passed in the\
usual way to the working committee who had\
care of the arrangements, viz., convener, Bro.\
Alexander; members, Bros. Newell, Radcliffe,\
and Brown ; and a most pleasant evening was\
brought to a close by the singing of "God be\
with you till we meet again" and "God save\
the King.\'94\
This lodge meets, every Wednesday at\
7 p.m. in the Presbyterian Church, Kasr-el-Nil\
barracks. Strangers and friends are cordially\
Invited to join.\
\
DELEGATION 1HJNICIPALE\
(Communication Officielle)\
La Delegation Municipala xxxx le 2l\
Novembre 1905, a 9 heures du stir, ,xxx la\
presidence de M. Amb A Ralli.\
Presents : M.M. Mansour Bey You see, Aba-\
ni Bey, E Stross, G Zervu acbi, membres, A.\
Willner, sec etair p i.\
La Delegation demandera a la C. mmiuion\
an credit supplementaire de L.E. 55, a prele-\
ver sur la reserve du budget extraordinaire\
pour faire face aux depenses necessitiees par la\
location d\'92une machine pour l\'92irrigation du\
jardin Nouzha, on attendant la reparation de\
l\'92ancienne machine de ce jardin, actuellement\
mise en etat de bon fonctionnement.\
La Delegation emat un avis favorable x\
divers excedents et emprises evalues par le\
Conseil d'estimation le 4 Novembre 1905, et\
decide de les souniattre x l\'92approbation de la\
Commission Municipals.\
La Delegation decide de prier le Ministore\
de vouloir bien faire comprendre les ecuries\
privees dans la categorie des etablissements\
insalubres.\
Elle proposers a la Commission I\'92ouverture\
d\'92un credit de L.E. 571, a prelever sur la\
reserve du budget extraordinaire, pour l'achat\
de tuyaux et d'articles divers demandes par la\
Service des Pompiers.\
La Delegation renvoie au Comite des Fi-\
nances et des Travaux Publics une proposi-\
tion de MM. Burnet et Pisani pour la cons-\
truction d'un mole au Port-Ear.\
La ieance est levee a 11 h. 1/2.\
\
SALVINI AU ZIZINIA\
DON CBSAR DE BAZAN\
V. Hugo nous a laisse dans ses cenvres des\
types immortals qui tiennent d\'92ailleurs beau-\
coup plus de la fiction que la realite. Mais de\
tous ces personnages, pour la plupart heroi- \
comiques, celui de Don. Cesar de Bazan est\
certainement le mieux defini et le pins original.\
II etait donc tout indique ponr servir de sujet\
au drame de M.M. Dumanoir et Dennery, qui\
n\'92ont pourtant pas su conserver au type tout\
son cachet d\'92originalite.	\
Q. Salvini a ete excellent dans le role de Don\
Cesar, ce noble aventurier, peu rigoureux dans\
ses mceurs mais qui n\'92en conserve pas moins\
de bons sentiments. Mme Ida Salvini a partage\
son success. M.M- Diaz. Olivieri, Peizaglia sa\
sont distingues dans leurs rules respectifs.\
A l\'92occasion de son depart la troupe a \'e9t\'e9\
fort acclamee par le public.\
\
PERSONAL. AND SOCIAL\
H.H. Prince Ibrahim Pasha Hilmy is expect-\
ed to arrive from Paris on the 22nd inst.\
General Mirza Faradjallah Khan, late Per-\
sian Diplomatic Agent and Consul General in\
Egypt, and now Minister for Persia in the\
Caucasus, will arrive shortly at Cairo, where\
he intends to spend the season.\
The engagement is announced of Colonel\
Gorringe, C.M.G., D.S.0., to Miss Ferelith\
Ramsay, younger daughter of Sir James\
Ramsay, of Banff, and sister to the Marchio-\
ness of Tullibardine. Colonel Gorringe was \
appointed Governor of the Sennar (Sudan)\
province in 1902. He joined the Egyptian\
Army in l893 and to 1895 was appointed\
D.A.A.G. to the Headquarters\'92 Staff. He was\
on the staff of the General Officer commanding\
the forces at the Abon Hamed and Atbara\
actions, and commanded the irregulars at the\
actions of Abou Adel and Om Debrikat, which\
saw the death of the Khalifa. He also saw\
much active service in the Boer war and was\
at the relief of Kimberley, Paardeberg, and\
Johanre burg. The future bride provided the\
title of "Ferelith\'94 for Lord Kilmarnock\'92s\
somewhat fantastic novel, and belongs to one\
of the oldest Perthshire families. Her late\
mother was saved from death by the devotion\
of an ayah during the Indian Mutiny.\
The marriage of Mlle Bernard and M.\
Humbert Parodi will take place on Thursday, .\
23rd inst., at the Matarieh Church, at 3.30 p.m.\
Among the visitors new staying at the\
Carlton Hotel we notice: Commander Booty,\
R.N., Capt. Heley, Capt. Percival, Col. and\
Mrs. Chapman. Major and Mrs. Downing, Mr.,\
Mrs., and Misa Haswell, Mr. Christian, Mrs.\
and Mis Downie, Mr. Rodriguez, Lt. and Mrs.\
Loveband, Mr. E. L. Edgar, Mr. and Mrs.\
Demetro and family, Mrs. Weckel, Mr. Ver-\
morell, Mr. B. Clarke, Mr. and Mrs. Cessery\
and family, and Mr. Garra.\
\
Anglo-American Nils Steamers\
HOTBL COMPANY\
River Transport of Goods between Alexandria and Cario\
THREE SAILINGS A-WEEK\
Agents at Alexandria: \
ALEXANDRIA BONDED WAREHOUSE CO., LTD\
\
WINDSOR HOTEL Restaurant\
Table d\'92h\'f4te Luncheons & Dinners\
Served on the Terracs\
}