{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh13220\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1905.\
\
THE RUSSIAN CRISIS.\
APPEAL TO SOLDIERY.\
END OF STRIKE\
St. Petersburg, November 18.\
The workmen have addressed an appeal to\
the soldiers to strike, disobey orders, and join\
the straggling people.	( Reuter)\
St. Petersburg, November 18.\
M. Witte\'92s appeal has been received with\
universal derision.\
The Ukase regarding the peasants is re-\
garded as yielding to threats, and not a\
spontaneous concession.	( Reuter)\
St. Petersburg, November 18.\
The general strike is localized here. It is\
over at Warsaw.		(Havas)\
St. Petersburg, November 19.\
It has been decided by the Council of Work-\
men to terminate the strike on Monday. (R.)\
St. Petersburg, November 19.\
The delegates of the workmen\'92s council\
have decided to terminate the strike on the\
20th inst:			(Havas)\
\
MUTINOUS RUSSIAN PRISONERS.\
GUARDED BY JAP TORPEDO BOATS.\
Nagasaki, November 19.\
500 Russian prisoners returning to Vladi-\
vostok on board the transports Vladimir and\
Varonej showed signs of mutiny. A hundred\
Japanese police therefore boarded the vessels,\
which are now guarded by Japanese torpedo\
boats.				(Renter)\
\
THE KING.\
GENERAL HEALTH EXCELLENT.\
London, November 18.\
The King's general health is excellent, and\
His Majesty is most cheerfal. He has received\
numerous sympathetic messages, including one\
from the London County Council. (Reuter)\
London, November 18.\
The King visited the stables, accompanied\
by Sir Frederick Treves, walking with the\
aid of a stick. His Majesty afterwards\
motored to Virginia Water and joined a small\
shooting party. He will join Lord Farquhar\'92s\
shooting party next week, driving from point\
to point.			(Reuter)\
\
PANAMA CANAL.\
DECISION OF COMMISSION.\
Washington, November 19.\
The Panama Canal Commission has decided,\
by a large majority, in favor of the sea level\
canal.				(Reuter)\
\
GERMAN TORPEDO BOAT SUNK.\
32 MEN MISSING.\
Kiel, November 18.\
A German torpedo-boat collided with the\
cruiser Undine near here and sank. An\
officer and 32 men are missing. (Reuter)\
Kiel, November 18.\
A torpedo-boat has sank in a collision with\
a cruiser; 33 sailors have disappeared.  (H.)\
\
SINKING OF CHANNEL STEAMER.\
123 PERSONS LOST.\
London, November 19.\
The Channel steamer Hilda, from South-\
ampton for St. Malo, sank this morning near\
the French coast 123 persons were lost five\
only were saved.		(Reuter)\
St. Servan, November 19.\
The English S.S. Hilda has sank. 123 per-\
sons were drowned and five saved. (Havas)\
\
FATAL FIRE IN GLASGOW.\
39 PERSONS PERISH.\
London, November 19.\
39 persons have perished at a fire in a model\
odging-honse in Glasgow.	(Reuter)\
\
POWERS\'92 NAVAL DEMONSTRATION.\
DEPARTURE OF VESSELS.\
Toulon, November 19.\
The men-of-war Charlemagne and Kleber,\
with two torpedo boats, have left to participate\
in the naval demonstration against Turkey at\
Mitelyne.			(Reuter)\
\
FOOTBALL.\
NEW ZEALANDERS\'92 SUCCESS.\
London, November 18.\
Football. The New Zealanders have never\
been beaten. They have scored 624 points\
to 22.				(Reuter)\
\
NORWAY'S NEW KING.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ELECTED UNANIMOUSLY.\
Berlin, November 18.\
The Emperor has directed Prince Henry of\
Prussia, with the flagship, to escort the\
Norwegian man-of-war conveying King Charles\
to Christiania. It is probable that a British\
warship will also be sent.	(Reuter)\
Christiania, November 18.\
The Storthing has formally elected Prince\
Charles King, unanimously, only one member\
being absent.		(Reuter)\
Christiania, November 18.\
Prince Charles has been unanimously elect-\
ed King.			(Havas)\
\
KING ALFONSO IN PARIS.\
Paris, November 19.\
King Alfonso has arrived.	(Havas)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 LOCAL AND GENERAL\
Helouan.\
The Hotel des Bains, Helouan, opened its\
doors for the season to-day.\
Khedive\'92s Accession Fetes.\
The second list of subscriptions for tho cele-\
bration of the Khedive\'92s Accession Day brings\
the total np to P.T. 253,950.\
Hospital at Port Said.\
Tho Constantinople newspapers state that \
an Ottoman military hospital is to be built at\
Port Said. The site has already been acquired\
and the places and estimates are now being \
made.\
Port of Alexandria.\
Messrs. Wm. Simons and Co., Limited, Ren \
frew, have received an order to construct a \
1,000 ton powerful bucket hopper dredger, two \
hopper barges, and a steam tug for the port of\
Alexandria.\
All Saints\'92 Charities.\
The annual jumble sale in aid of the funds\
of All Saints\'92 Church charities will be held\
on Thursday next, 23rd inst., at Sauti\'92s Res- \
taurant, Esbekieh Gardens, Cairo. Sale to\
begin at 3 p.m., closing at 5.\
Satvini at the Zizinia.\
Salvini, the Italian tragedian, leaves Egypt,\
on the conclusion of his visit, on Wednesday\
next for Italy. Tomorrow night he will give a\
farewell performance at the Zizinia, when he\
will appear in Ron Cesarb di Bazan.\
Walker & Meimarachi, Ltd.\
The new local board of Walker & Meimara-\
ohi, Limited, is to be a very strong one. Mr. \
W. A. Luning, one of the directors of the com-\
pany, has arrived from London in order to\
attend the forthcoming meeting, when the\
composition of the local board will be decided \
upon.\
Bank of Athens.\
M. Pan. G. Schisas, the able sub-manager\
of the Bank of Athens at Alexandria, has been \
appointed manager of the bank's newly-opened\
branch at Cairo, and will sign conjointly \
with M. Jean G. Sauliotis, the cashier. M. \
Jean Joannides, tho manager at Alexandria, \
has assumed the general management of the \
Bank\'92s agencies in Egypt, and will therefore \
have the right of signature in Cairo as at\
Alexandria.\
A "Converted" Jew.\
Apropos of our leading article today, we\
may mention that a man described as a\
"Hebrew Christian,\'94 who was on his way to\
America to his daughter's home, brought a\
letter (which we have seen) from the Jews'\
Society, Jerusalem, to the Rudolph Home,\
asking that kindness might be shown to him\
on his passing through Alexandria. Food was\
given to him, and shelter provided, but he\
asked for money, which was refused. He left\
the home after three days' stay and applied to\
the Chief Rabbi for assistance! It would be\
interesting to learn the particulars of this man's\
"conversion," which, doubtless, have been duly\
reported to London, and it is somewhat difficult\
to understand what good purpose was effected\
by merely sending him on to Alexandria\
instead of direct to America.\
Probably the Jerusalem Society were anxious\
to get rid of him at the least possible cost, and\
so passed on their \'93convert" as far as Egypt\
only.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 BEKANNTMAOHUNG.\
Auf Antrag des Kapitians Coltzan, Fuhrers\
des deutschen Dampfers \'93Theodor Wille,\'94\
Heimatsbafen Kiel, Unterscheidungssignal\
L.B.J.R. ist Termin zur Ablegung der Verk-\
larnng uber die Begebenhelten der Reise von\
Herrosand (Schweden) uber Algier nach Alex-\
andrien auf Dienstag, den 21. November 1905,\
Vormittags 10 Uhr, im Kaiserlichen Konsulat\
anberaumt worden.\
Alexandrien, deu 20. November 1905.\
Der Kaiserliche Komsul.\
Gez : von HUMBOLDT,\
26742-1	Kaiserlicher Generalkonsu.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
THE NEW RAILWAY BOARD.\
KHEDIVIAL DECREE.\
The following is a translation of the Khe-\
divial Decree constituting the new Railway\
Board : \'97\
We, Khedive of Egypt;\
Upon the proposition of our Minister of\
Public Works, and with the approbation of\
our Council of Ministers,\
Decree :\
1. Subject to the provisions of this law the\
State Railways and Telegraphs shall continue\
to be attached to the Ministry of Public\
Works.\
They shall be placed executively under a\
General Manager.\
A Rail way Board shall be created, Which shall\
be responsible, in accordance with the provi-\
sions of this law, but subject always to any\
general or special directions to be given from\
time to time by the Council of Ministers, for\
the general oversight and control of the\
management and working of the State Rail-\
ways and Telegraphs.\
2. The President of the Council of Ministers\
shall be ex-officio President of the Railway\
Board, and the Financial Adviser and the\
Advisor to the Ministry of Public Works shall\
be ex-officio members thereot.\
The Council of Ministers shall from time to\
time appoint one or more additional members\
of the Board ; it may also appoint from time\
to time one or more extraordinary members of\
the Board, who shall be entitled to sit thereon\
but shall not be entitled to vote. Provided\
that no ordinary additional member or extra-\
ordinary member of the Board shall be appoint-\
ed for any longer period than two years.\
3. In the event of the temporary absence\
or incapacity of any officer who is an ex officio\
member of the Board, when no other officer is\
appointed generally to perform the duties of\
the officer so absent or incapacitated, the\
Concil of Minsters may appoint some other\
officer to temporarily replace the officer so\
absent or incapacitated, as a member of the\
Railway Board.\
4. The Board shall not transact any business\
unless three members at least are present, of\
whom not less than two shall be ex-officio\
members or persons appointed temporarily to\
replace ex-officio members.\
5. Subject to any general or special direc-\
tions to be given from, time to time by the\
Council of Ministers, the Railway Board shall\
from time to time make and may from time to\
time alter or rescind, rules for the manage-\
ment and working of the State Railways and\
Telegraphs.\
The Bosidhall, in particulars\
a. Define the matters which may be dealt\
with and disposed of by the General\
Manager without reference to any superior\
authority, and the matters which the\
General Manager shall not deal with or\
finally dispose of without reference to the\
Minister of Public Works or without\
reference to the Board as the case may be.\
b. Define the relations between the Chief\
Officer of the Telegraph Department and\
the General Manager.\
c. Prescribe the manner in which the ac-\
counts of the Railways and Telegraphs\
shall be kept.\
d. Prescribe roles within the limits of the\
laws for the time being in force, as to the\
appointment, promotion, discipline and\
dismissal of the employees of the Railway\
and Telegraph Departments, and shall\
for that purpose be entitled to exercise\
any powers vested by law in the Council\
of Ministers or a Minister or in any\
committee or body inferier thereto, and\
to delegate any of such powers to the\
Minister of Public Works or to the\
General Manager.\
e. P esc-ibe rules as to its own procedure.\
f. Notwithstanding the generality of the\
provisions of the preceding article, none of\
the matters hereinatter mentioned shall\
be finally disposed of without the decision\
of the Board being taken thereon:\
a. The preparation of the estimates for\
working and maintenance.\
b. The approval of the final annual accounts.\
c. Any general programme for extensions\
of the railway system, or for improvements\
therein.	\
d. Any estimate for works, the estimated\
cost of which exceeds L.E. 20,000, or the\
acceptance of any contract for an amount\
exceeding L.E. 20,000.\
e. The appointment or dismissal of any\
officer at a salary exceeding L.E. 500 a\
year, or the promotion of any officer to a\
salary exceeding the like sum.\
f. The issue of any tariff or modification\
thereof.\
g. Any matter which shall be referred to the\
Board for decision either by the Minister\
of Public Works or by the General Ma-\
nager.\
7. The General Manager shall be appointed\
by the Minister of Public Works upon the\
nomination of the Bailway Board, and shall be\
removable in like manner.\
8. As from the coming into force of this law,\
the members of the existing Railway Board\
shall cease to hold office.\
Two sections remain repealing the Decree of\
February 5,1889, and putting the present law\
into force.\
\
NOTICE.\
WANTED an Englishman as Manager to\
the British Recreation Club, Cairo.\
Applications, which must be received not\
later than the 30th inst., to be addressed to\
the Chairman of the House Committee, stating\
qualifications and whether married or single.\
\
THE PRINCES\'92 LAWSUIT.\
PRINCE HUSSEIN\'92S CLAIM\
WITHDRAWN.\
We are informed that H.H. Prince Hsssein\
Pasha Kamel has decided to abandon the\
claim which he brought with the other princes,\
heirs of the late Ismail Pasha, against the\
Government for the restitution of certain sums\
by the Daira Sanieh. Company.\
\
COUNCIL OF MINISTERS.\
Among the decisions of the Council of\
Ministers which met at Abdeen on Saturday\
under the presidency of H.H. the Khedive are\
the following:\'97\
1. Recognition of the National Hotels and\
Residences Company.\
2. Recognition of a joint stock company\
for protection against fire.\
3. As to the modification of interest on\
(Fawaed el Iltazam) concession taxes, which it\
is suggested are to be reduced by 5 percent\
per month, this project to be handed over to\
the Legislative Council\
4. The Behera provincial council to be\
convoked oh the 5th prox. and the Ghizeh\
provincial council on the 14th prox. to consider\
irrigation projects for 1906.\
5. Construction of an irrigating canal 605\
metres in length at Wahdiya\'92 Assiont.\
6. Construction of cemeteries and expro-\
priation of lands for the same in various\
localities in Kalioubieh, Dakahlieh, and Minieh\
provinces.\
7. Approval of a credit of L.E. 15,000 for\
sanitary precautions to be taken on the return\
of ,the pilgrims.\
\
THE KHEDIVE.\
After presiding over the Council of Ministers\
held on Saturday at 11. a.m. at Abdeen Palace,\
H.H. the Khedive gave audiences to M. de la\
Bouliniere, Hon. Mr. Iddings, the new Ameri-\
can Diplomatic Agent and Consul-General;\
Fakhry Pasha, who presented Mr. Landon,\
Inspector to the 2nd Circle of Irrigation ; Mr.\
P. W. Machell, on his departure for England;\
Ismail Pasha Sirbaok, the Under Secretary of\
State for War; Count von Trauttenberg, Count\
G. de Zogheb, and Sultan Effendi, professor at\
the Normal School, Nasrieh.\
On Thursday H.H. the Khedive will attend\
the ceremony of the Leilat el Kadr at the\
Citadel. On Friday he will give an "iftar" to\
the merchants of Cairo and will attend the\
Mosque of \'92Amr for prayer.\
\
FASHIONABLE MARRIAGE.\
The marriage of Dr. Junius Chevalier de\
Puscarius, Austro-Hungarian Consul at Alex-\
andria, to Miss von Tschudi, daughter of Mr\
Christoph de Tschudi, of the firm of Planta\
and Co., of Alexandria, took place on Saturday\
afternoon. A largely attended reception was\
given after the religious ceremony at the house\
of the bride\'92s parents.\
\
ARRIVAL OF TRANSPORT,\
The hired transport Assaye arrived at Alex-\
andria from Southampton and Malta yesterday\
with details for the Army of Occupation. The\
details included about 400 officers, N. C. O\'92s.,\
and men of the 1st Battalion Royal Dublin\
Fusiliers, who will complete the regiment\
stationed at Mastapha, which replaced the\
Royal Berks, on their departure for Khartoum.\
The troops disembarked this morning and\
marched to barracks.\
The Assaye leaves for Port Said to-day to\
embark the 2nd Battalion. Rifle Brigade for\
India.\
\
SUDAN RAILWAYS.\
H.H. the Khedive has been most graciously\
pleased to approve of the following promotions.\
To date 5-11-05:\'97\
Local Kaimakam E. C. Milwinter Bey, D.S.O.,\
Assistant Director of Sudan Railways, to be\
Kaimakam.\
El Bimbashi R. J. Done, Assistant Director\
of Works, to he local Kaimakam,\
El Bimbashi M. E. Sowerby, Sudan Railways,\
to be local Kaimakam.\
\
THE TANTAH ELECTION.\
TO THE EDITOR OF THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE.\
Sir,\'97I learn that owing to the effect of the\
article you published a few days ago concern-\
ing the Tanta Municipality, pointing out that\
the new election was performed under pressure \
in favor of the new members; who are unfit for\
the position, the Inspector of the Interior has\
requested you to support , your allegations by\
proof. My newspaper, "Al Horrieh,\'94 Tanta,\
being the first to criticise the election in a\
special supplement, indicating the irregulari-\
ties which took place in the same election,\
I send you by post \'93Al Horrieh\'94 and its\
supplement.\
Notwithstanding, simple and good proof can\
be given to the Inspector. He should be re\
quested to ask the moudir, himself, whether the\
municipal election was concluded according\
to the usual rules, and if the pressure of some\
notables of influence had any effect on its\
results, or not. The moudir cannot deny the\
fact that the new members are uneducated and\
unfit.\'97Yours, etc.,	MAHMOUD FEHMI.\
Tanta, November 19.\
\
BARK OF ABYSSINIA. \
GERMANY\'92S INTEREST.\
It is rumoured in Cairo that the German \
Government is taking considerable interest in\
the fortunes of the Abyssinian Bauk and is\
of opinion that at least one-third of the shares\
should be in German hands.	\
How far this statement is true we have no\
means of knowing, but it is worth noting\
that more than one German bank offered to\
subscribe the whole capital required, and that \
\'a3100,000 was actually subscribed.	\
Mr. McGillivray and the staff of the Bank \
of Abyssinia leave Cairo for Abyssinia about \
the 1st December next	'\
\
ALEXANDRIA MUNICIPALITY. \
The steadily increasing progress of Alex-\
andria is seen in the report of the Administra-\
tor on the Budget Estimates of the Alexahdria\
Municipality for the forthcoming year. The\
estimates amount to LE. 195,000 in receipts \
and L.E. 191,570 in expenses, leaving a reserve\
of LE. 3,430. The estimate receipts show a\
snrplnB of LE.- 11,850 over those for J905.\
This surplus is made up for the most part of \
the following items: import and export dues,\
L.E. 2,000; tax on vehicles and beasts, L.E.\
1,200 ; house tax, L.E. 3,400; 2 % tax. L.E.\
1,500 ; quarry working dues, L.E.1,000. But\
from this surplus of nearly L.E., 12,000 a\
deduction must be made of the budgetary\
estimates for 1905;. figuring in the extra-\
ordinary budget of the next year\'92s working; in \
accordance with the regulation on June 12,\
1905. If, therefore, half of tho Free State Land \
sales, L.E. 4,000, and the sales of the Tanzim\
surplus, L.E. 8x0, be deducted, the total net \
surplus will be L.E. 7,000.	\
A note on the extraordinary budget con-\
tains an interesting, statement of the expen-\
diture of the Municipal Loan up to the end\
of last month. Of the total loan of L.E.\
499,980 .(\'a3540,000) there only remains a \
balance in hand of LE. 31,070, the Munici-\
pality having up to now expended L.E. 463,994\
out of the L.E. 495,070 allotted for the various \
credits. The following sums have already\
been spent: Quay-Collector, L.E. 356,132 ;\
filters and levelling land, L.E. 5,568 ; filters \
(forfait), L.E. 51,004 ; new drainage works,\
L.E. 27,158 ; expropriations, L.E. 18,301;\
miscellaneous expenses, LE. 5,831.\
\
LORD CROMER AND GORDON.\
Lord Edmond Fitzmaurice has sent the fol-\
lowing letter to the Editor of the \'91\'91Times\'94 in ,\
reply to Lord Cromer: - 	\
Sir,\'97I do not think that the interesting \
communication from Lord Cromer, which\
appears in your columns of today, with refe-\
renece to the instructions to General Gordon in\
1884, necessarily requires any comment on my\
part, as the fuller and more detailed narrative\
of the facts given by him substantially confirms\
my own shorter acccount. I may, however, take\
this opportunity of saying that in that account, \
I was anxious to show that there was no desire\
on my part to divest the home Government of \
responsibility at the expense of Sir Evelyn\
Baring in regard to General Gordon\'92s instruc-\
tions and what followed upon them.\
In this I am glad to gather from Lord\
Cromer\'92s letter that I have not been unsuccess-\
ful. How far the two sets of instructions, for\
both of which the home Government must\
accept responsibility, were contributory causes,\
and in what proportion, to the subsequent\
disaster, will probably always remain a subject \
of legitimate difference of opinion.	\
In regard to the passage to which Lord\
Cromer alludes at the end of his letter, there\
was no intention on my part to convey the \
impression that the epigram attributed to him \
in 1882 by M. Alfred Ramband, in his recently \
published \'93Life of M. Joles Ferry\'92\'92\'92 was uttered\
at a time when he and M. de Reverseaux were\
respectively the representatives of Gveot-Britain \
and France in Egypt; and I can only regret\
that my reproduction of M. Alfred Rambaud\'92s\
story should have produced that impression.\
Believing that it was possible that the career of\
M. de" Reverseaux might not be quite so fami-\
liar to English as to French readers, I merely\
wished to indicate that he was the distinguish\
ed diplomatist who was afterwards Consol-\
General in Egypt. But I admit my language \
should have been clearer. I may, however, be\
allowed to point out that, if Lord Cromer will\
refer to the passage in M. Alfred Rimbaud\'92s \
work he Will see that the anecdote is told in a\
perfectly complimentary sense, and is intended \
to emphasize the inferiority, in other author\'92s\
own opinion, of French diplomacy during the \
period in question, to the diplomacy in Egypt\
of Great Britain, in which Lord Cromer has\
had so eminent a part.\
\
WINDSOR HOTEL\
RESTURANT\
Table d\'92Hote Luncheons & Dinners\
Served on the Terrace.\
\
ARIST0N AERATED WATERS\
Guaranteed Distilled.\
Alexandria: 7 Rue de la Posto.\
Mario: Opposite the Trinwayz Co. Works\
Sharia Sahal, Kasr-el-Nil.\
\
Anglo-Amerioan Nile Steamers\
HOTEL COMPANY:\
River Transport of Goods between Alexandria and Cario.\
Three Sailings a week\
Agents at Alexandria:\
Alexandria Bonded Warehouse Co, LTO\
\
PERSONAL AND SOCIAL\
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx\
quis and Marchienes de Marscot, and Dr.\
Rucker-Jenisch, were among the passengers\
who arrived to-day by tho Austrian packet.\
The Marquis Silvago Raggi and Count G.\
Marzoni returned from Europe yesterday by \
the Florio-Rubattino Orione.\
Mr. P.W. Machell left Port Said for England\
early this morning.\
Herr von Verseri leaves will Tuesday; next to \
take up his post at Salonica again after soting \
as Consul for three months at Cario.\
Dr. Gumprecht, German Consul at Cairo, \
arrives on Tuesday.\
Mr and Mrs Maspero leave Cairo by their\
dahabieh on the 20th inst. for Upper Egypt.\
Mr. P. Oziol, first French Depute de la\
Nation in Cairo, is expected, to return from\
Europe next Tuesday.\
Mr. A. J. Cotterill, of the Railways Adminis-\
tration, leaves Marscillas for Port Said on the\
24th inst. He has been engaged during, the \
past two months on the mission of inspecting \
the construction of the Nile bridges that are\
being made by the French firm of Messers.\
Dayde and Pille at Paris.\
Major Ricarde Seaver, who, we are pleased \
to hear, is much better, is leaving England\
for Egypt on an important business mission.\
Among this morning\'92s arrivals by the S.S.\
Semiramis Irom Trieste are Mr. Schoeller,\
agent at Alexandria of the North German\
Lloyd, and the Misses Schoeller.\
Mr.Edleman, the new agent of the Anglo\
America Nile Steamer and Hotel Co.at Luxor,\
left Cairo on Saturday, together with Cook\'92s\
representative.\
Mr. Gordon, veterinary inspector, in the\
Sanitary Dept., has been transferred to the\
Sudan.\
Captain F. St. J. Blacker, 2nd Battalion\
Rifle Brigade, left Port Said for Malta today \
on the S.S. City of Agra.\
Lieut. C.W. Hemy, 2nd Battalion R. Berks.\
Regiment, left Cario for  Shellal on Saturday in \
order to rejoin the headquarters of his battalion.\
Referring to the notice in our issue of the\
17th inst. of the annual meeting of the Alex-\
andria Literary,Musical, and Dramatic Society \
Mrs. Grafton writes that \'93finding her name\
amongst those of the newly elected committee\
she regrets being unable to comply with this\
arrangement.\'94\
\
PAISSENGER LIST. \
ARRIVALS.\
Per S.S. Orione of the Florio Rubattino Co.\
arrived yesterday from Genos and Messina: - \
H.E. Marquis Salvago Raggi, Count G. Man-\
zoni, Mme Teresa Beucini, M. Lauw Nasi\
Trombotto, M. Henry Abrs, Berlindi Bey, \
Cav. Burlati, Mme Marchettin, M. and Mme	\
Gabelli, M. Corniadis, M. Miami and fam., M.	 \
Giorgio Och, Mr. Bishop, Mr. Morley, M. A,\
G. Motke, Mr. Fleetwood, M. Manzi Rava 		\
M.K. Rickard, M.G.D. Suit, M.O. Vero-\
nil, M.J. Eucdums and fam., M. Furet, M.\
A. Vifeli, M.K. Stiekel, M.H. Genes and\
fam., M.G. Mesina, M. Montepagani and\
fam., M. Frontnier, M. De Gibbard, M.J. Sab-\
bag, M.M. Fittak, M. Commariomoll and sam.,\
M.A. Fassone and mother, M. Clott, M. \
Albert Mayor, M. Tobler, M.C. Failli, Mr. St.\
Garrett and comp, Capt. C. Richard, M.D. \
Martelli, M. Yanni and fam\
DEPARTURES.\
Per S.S. Habsburg of the Austrian, Lloyd\
sailed Saturday for Brindisi and Trisete :\'97\
M. Konig, M. Q Birk, Consul Seifert, Chev.  \
Eugmann, M.J. Levy, M. and Mme Calprurce,\
Col. Kremec, Col. Hoffman, M. Hupper, Mr.\
G. Vimercati, M.H. Grohmann, M.A. \
Spitzer, M. Mikelicj, M. Alfred Leo, M.E.\
Peck, M.E. Yolles, Dr. Schuster, M. Turlesky.\
Per S.S. Dumb sailed Friday for Mar-\
seilles: -\
M.E.A. Giles, Colonel Forster and family,\
Mr. Knupper, Mr. Barry, Mr. Kittner, Rev.\
and Mrs. C.B. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. Fea-\
theratone, Mrs. Bixie, Mr. and Miss J. Nicholas,\
M. Pinole, Miss Shirley, Mr. and Mrs. Begum\
Billecocq, Capt. Coste, Mrs. H. and H.Mah.\
mood, Miss Martelette, M. Isaac M. Curel,\
Mr. Crowe,\
\
STEAMER MOVEMENTS.\
The S.S. Credo Rince left today for \
Manchester.\
The Messegeries Maritimes S.S. Senegal,\
from Marseilles, passed the straits of Messina\
on Saturday and is due tomorrow morning.\
The Most liner Monks arrived yesterday\
morning from Luxerpcol via Gibraltar, Algiers,\
and Malta, with passengers,. majs and general\
cargo.\
}